We get our finished application,
now we probably also want to deploy it.
So this is the application running in development mode,
now if we have a look at our application here in the editor, this is the terminal where I run this,
we don't only have access to this npm run dev command. If you have a look at the package.json file where all
our scripts we can run through npm are stored
at, we see we're having the dev command which we used all the time but we also have the build command
which runs the production workflow.
So with npm run build, we're not starting a development server,
instead we're preparing the whole project for deployment.
Therefore this process will not keep running, it finishes because no server was started but this will
give us a new folder,
the dist folder which holds our build.js file, the file we will need to deploy together with our
index.html file to make our application work on a server.
Now in this module, I will show you how to prepare your application for deployment
and then finally deploy it.